---
layout: post
title:  OMIQ
description: Learn a modern cytometry analysis platform that combines machine learning and analytical pipelines with classical manual analysis.
date:   2022-09-28 15:01:35 +0300
image:  '/images/omiq.png'
tags:   [web-based, point-and-click, cytometry]
---

## Registration

**[Register using this form](https://forms.gle/ysSGNCCXYTC9VWgW6)!**

The workshop is free to UPenn graduate students, postdocs, faculty, and staff.  Registration is required and seating is limited.

## Overview

Omiq allows researchers to complete their entire workflow in one software, going from raw data to statistical significance, using their own expertise and familiar tools seamlessly blended with dozens of cutting-edge computational methods and visualizations.

## About your instructor

This workshop will be taught by [Geoff Kraker](https://www.linkedin.com/in/geoff-kraker-6018b830). Geoff is a Senior Application Scientist at OMIQ with over 13 years of experience in cytometry spanning from academic flow cores to instrument manufacturers and several cloud based analysis platforms. He's a persistent advocate for data quality and is passionate about educating people in the field on approachable strategies for high dimensional cytometry analysis.

## Workshop details

All workshop attendees should visit [app.omiq.ai](app.omiq.a) and create an account by clicking on "Sign Up", and then entering an academic email address and a password. From there, you'll be asked to validate your email and then be able to log in to your trial account. The trial period runs for 3 weeks by default, but you can always reach out to the OMIQ folks to request and extension if you need more time to try out OMIQ with your data.
